Add documentation for default users and roles (RBAC) (#535)
wazuh/wazuh-indexer-plugins: docs/ref/security/access-control.md

# Access Control

Wazuh Indexer uses the OpenSearch Security Plugin to manage access control and security features. This allows you to define users, roles, and permissions for accessing indices and performing actions within the Wazuh Indexer.

> You can find a more detailed overview of the OpenSearch Security Plugin in the [OpenSearch documentation](https://docs.opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/index/).

## Wazuh default Internal Users

Wazuh defines internal users and roles for the different Wazuh components to handle index management.

> These users and roles are defined in the `internal_users.wazuh.yml`, `roles.wazuh.yml`, and `roles_mapping.wazuh.yml` files on the `distribution/src/config/security` directory from the [Wazuh Indexer repository](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-indexer).

Author: Thanks! I missed that
```suggestion
These default users and roles definitions are stored in the `internal_users.yml`, `roles.yml`, and `roles_mapping.yml` files on the `/etc/wazuh-indexer/opensearch-security/1 directory.
```
